I tend to like the thought experiment of the organism,
like humans, aren't the organisms. I like the notion of like, uh,
Richard Dawkins and memes that ideas themselves are the
organisms like that are just using our minds to evolve.
So like,
we're just like me eat receptacles for ideas to breed
and multiply and so on. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and maybe those are the aliens.
Yeah.
<Laugh> so, uh, Jordan Peterson has lines says, you know,
you think you have ideas, but ideas have you. Yeah. Right. Good line. Which,
and, and then we know about the phenomenal groups and,
and there's so many things that constrain us,
but I think you can examine all that and not be completely owned by the
ideas and completely sucked into groupthink.
And part of your responsibility as a,
as a human is to escape that kind of phenomena, which isn't, you know,
it's, you know, it's it, one of the creative tension things, again,
you're constructed by it,
but you can still observe it and you can think about it and you can make choices
about to some level how constrained you are by it.
And, you know, it's useful to do that.
And, but, but there at the same time,
and it could be by doing that, that, you know, the, the, the group in society,
you're, you're part of becomes collectively even more interesting.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so, you know, so the outside observer will think, wow,
you know,
all these Alexas running around with all these really independent ideas have
created something even more interesting than mm-hmm <affirmative> and, uh,
aggregate. So, so I, so I don't know I'm,
those are lenses to look at the situation that give you some inspiration,
but I don't think they're constraints. Right. You know,